---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# 2024-01-29

## Weekend Research Takeaways

**Jeffin**: Tkinter is the best GUI for us. It is both easy to learn, efficient, and powerful. Runners up include Pygame, PyQT, and Kivy. More takeaways available in PDF on Discord.

**Aiden**: Pygame Zero is a more lightweight version of Pygame but both would be fine for our purposes. Both are easy enough to learn. Main functions and other takeaways available in PDF on Discord.

**Niaz**: Wi-Fi information will be available through terminal utility programs, which we will execute from python using `os.system` calls. Adding Wi-Fi details to our GUI will not be that hard, nor will it require extra packages. A Python Bluetooth package is available should we choose to incorporate Bluetooth capabilities..

**Mustafa W**: We will use the onboard Wi-Fi. If we choose Raspbian-based OS, there's a GUI for connecting to Wi-Fi. More info on Wi-Fi access points I found [here](https://www.tomshardware.com/how-to/raspberry-pi-access-point).

**Snarr**: Going with the Pi 4. Applebaum and Temple have multiple, so it's a no brainer. Pi 3 in consideration if we need more power efficiency. Rest of the hardware available at [this link](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1eRTbV_h0i8_lQCFcu1X0qn0oG_SpjUz2dMJxYIq38yY/edit?usp=sharing).

**Neil**: Blockly instance up and running, already configurable. That was quick.

## Next Steps
- Get everyone on the Jira Board
- Start adding issues to our backlog
- Get everyone on the GitHub organization
- Requirements Document